
Mechanical:

    z prox bracket interferes with the spindle fan

    tidy electrical box


linuxcnc config:

    F9 doesn't do the right thing with the spindle


    redo spindle control

        the spindle is run by a yaskawa v7-4x vfd, it's got modbus, so use that

        <mhaberler> says:

            I'm working with robh on a multi-slave modbus
            driver; maybe that is a better starting
            point if you have several identical devices:
            http://git.mah.priv.at/gitweb/emc2-dev.git/shortlog/refs/heads/modbus-generic-driver

            I found the toughest part is making sense of the docs; I
            wrote a little utility to manually investigate the device
            over modbus to come up with something remotely coherent:
            http://git.mah.priv.at/gitweb/modio.git

    stepper feedback encoders go to stepper amps, amps provide
    fake(?) encoder ticks to linuxcnc, and an error signal if there are
    lost steps(?).  See if we can drive both the amp encoder inputs and
    the linuxcnc encoder inputs from the stepper encoders

    verify stepper amp timings

    tune vel & acceleration

    estop:

	want to see diff between commanded steps and actual encoder feedback (mod backlash)

	discrepancy between the two Y joints should cause estop:

	    compare axis.{1,3}.joint-pos-cmd

	    alert iocontrol.0.emc-enable-in (aka estop-all-ok net)
	    if there's a problem

    don't load unused realtime comps

    get rid of broken halui MDI commands

    dust collector (dust fan vfd is "hitachi sj200")

    clean up pyvcp panel

    the X prox switch is very noisy, needs debounce (or was this fixed by
    reseating the cable?).  Or can it be cleaned up mechanically somehow?
    Y2 prox looks fine.  How are the other proxes?

    machine needs rehome after e-stop, how to get around that?

    spindle:

        spindle warm-up first time: 30 minute ramp up to 18k

        spindle warm-up after that: 10 minute ramp up to 18k

        f9 turns vfd power on but doesnt resume spindle motion at the last commanded speed

        ~4k rpm is min speed

        switch interface to spindle vfd from arduino to modbus or mesa

        Spindle fan should come on when the spindle is too hot.
        This would need temp feedback.  A simpler approach would be to
        turn on the fan when the spindle turns on, and leave the fan on
        for X minutes after the spindle turns off.

        The vacuum VFD should come on when the spindle turns on.  It uses
        a Hitachi SJ200.

        spindle-at-speed doesnt work


linuxcnc bugs and feature requests:

    in joint mode it honors the soft limits, but in world mode it doesn't

    no incremental jogging in coordinated mode on gantry machines :-(

    nontrivkins machines need [TRAJ]DEFAULT_ACCELERATION, which is lame


    there should be a way to forbid jogging in joint mode...  Sometimes
    you want to be able to do that, but usually you don't.  Many, many
    problems could have been avoided if the machine had not let me jog
    in joint mode.


    Running MDI via halui seems to switch out of world mode...


    ShuttleXpress driver should try to reconnect if the cable gets
    unplugged, you currently have to restart enc2...

